Removal of RI Actions for unsupported Resources (#424)
zowe/cics-for-zowe-client: packages/vsce/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the "cics-extension-for-zowe" extension will be documented in this file.

## Recent Changes

> - Removal of RI Actions component for unsupported Resources [#423](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/423)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't show Actions menu in Resource Inspector if no actions are available [#423](https://github.com/zowe/cics-for-zowe-client/issues/423)
```
